README.md, before:

# CSS
cascading styles sheet(css) css3
css styling lang


css inculde -> margin pading background front border etc 

we need include style inside head tag

```css
syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
selector {
property:value;
property:value;
property:value;
}
</style>
```

## selector  :- 
**color - red**
1. **tag selector (div)  -- page div tag** 
```css
<div>Hello World </div>
syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
div{
color:"red";
}
</style>
```
2. **id selector (unique) - (#idselectorName)**

```css
<div id="helloworld">Hello World </div>
syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
#helloworld{
color:"red";
}
</style>
```

3. **class Selector (.SelectorName)** - bluk
```css
<div class="helloworld">Hello World </div>

syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
.helloworld{
color:"red";
}
</style>
```



------------------------------------

1. main branch create 
1. main clone (git clone URL)
1. main new create branch (git checkout -b branchName) (only first time) next time (git checkout branchName)
1. new branch work
1. need add file to stage area (git add fileName) (.)
1. new commit  (git commit -m "message")
1. new branch push (git push -u origin master) (only first time)
1. new commit -> pull request -> main branch -> review -> merge master

Commit message:

Adding CSS Styles to your Page

README.md, after:


# CSS Concepts
### Class 1: CSS Fundamentals
- [x] Introduction to CSS
- [x] Adding CSS Styles to your Page
- [ ] Selectors, Properties, and Values
- [ ] Colors
- [ ] Fonts and Text



cascading styles sheet(css) css3
css styling lang


css inculde -> margin pading background front border etc 

we need include style inside head tag

```css
syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
selector {
property:value;
property:value;
property:value;
}
</style>
```

## selector  :- 
**color - red**
1. **tag selector (div)  -- page div tag** 
```css
<div>Hello World </div>
syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
div{
color:"red";
}
</style>
```
2. **id selector (unique) - (#idselectorName)**

```css
<div id="helloworld">Hello World </div>
syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
#helloworld{
color:"red";
}
</style>
```

3. **class Selector (.SelectorName)** - bluk
```css
<div class="helloworld">Hello World </div>

syntax:-
<style type="text/css">
.helloworld{
color:"red";
}
</style>
```



------------------------------------

1. main branch create 
1. main clone (git clone URL)
1. main new create branch (git checkout -b branchName) (only first time) next time (git checkout branchName)
1. new branch work
1. need add file to stage area (git add fileName) (.)
1. new commit  (git commit -m "message")
1. new branch push (git push -u origin master) (only first time)
1. new commit -> pull request -> main branch -> review -> merge master
